Update documentation as per release 2.2  (#5) (#413)
camaraproject/Commonalities: documentation/Linting-rules.md

_Spectral rule_: [camara-info−version-format](/artifacts/linting_rules/.spectral.yml)

*Severity*: `warn` <br>

> ❕ Note: Currently the format like may include "wip", "x.y.z-alpha.n" or "x.y;z-rc;n" while the API is not yet publicly released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❕ Note: The version format may follow "wip", "x.y.z-alpha.n", or "x.y.z-rc.n" for unreleased or pre-release versions.
```
